my design process:
my design process started by making the pencil and paper sketches of what the strawberry face could look like. I uploaded the images of my sketches in the "pics" folder - "starberry1" contains the initial sketches of my face at minimum and maximum. I ended up adding more notes to it as i was considering what varriables i would need and how they would be used. the second sketch, "starberry2", contains the technical sketch of the shapes in the strawberry. since i used a lot of triangles, i did some math as i went to understand their placement and the angles i would need to rotate things around. 
i think some of the final elements of design were decided as i went, because i started getting some different ideas about how i wanted the strawberry to act and look. for example, in the beginning i wanted a kind of surprised look situation to go on, but then i realized that i could just rotate the eyebrows in different ways to get more sassy, agitated looks, instead of just surprised. in the end it was kind of fun to get the strawberry to have this range of looks that goes from being surprised to annoyed as you move the mouse up, and left, through the screen. 

while completing this assignment, i discovered a lot about the triangles i had to use to make the strawberry shape. I used a triangle in my lost and found assignment as well, and i think i really liked the mathmatical process that can go along with it to figure out the angles and the lengths. i'm sure there's an easier way to figure that all out aside from doing calcs by hand, but i have just always enjoyed that process, so this time i used more triangles. I also learned a lot about how to layer shapes to get the desired look, and how to play work with strokes around shapes, or lacktherof. it was also pretty fun to work with the colors, because i didn't want the random colors to be pulled from the full rgb range, i wanted to keep a slightly pastel, warmer tone for the colors. to figure out how to balance these without making the look to similar, i definitly had to play around with different color scales. I also ended up liking the more yellow toned strawberries, so i changed them to starberries instead of strawberries. 
