This game is a log-in / hacker game. 
The player starts in my room, as me. The computer screen glows and has wiggling words to draw the user's attention to it. I didn't want to put extremely overt directions on it, because i think that because of the nature of the game (and my design preferences), it makes sense that there are only visual cues that prompt you think about how to interact with the digital space as if it were a physical space.
Once the user clicks the log in screen, they enter a computer view where they answer some quesitons - aka the beginning of the game. 
The user answers the questions by clicking yes and no buttons, and by entering text into an input box and clicking submit. When the user inevitibly answers the question wrong, they are sent to computer jail for hacking my computer. 

Aesthetic choice:
Because I come from an environmental engineering background, my design background leans functional and mathematical and less cureated aesthetic. With that said, I really do enjoy exploring ways to develop my own personal aestitics, and figuring out how to encorporate them into the things i'm making. However, in this game i wanted to lean into my interest in being able to ineteract with and treat digital spaces as i would with physical spaces, which is why i opted for photos with digital elements laid over them for my backgrounds in this game. 
I think with physical spaces, there are a lot of really important rules and boundaries drawn to ensure people's safety, privacy, and property safety, and there is a huge social and environmental emphasis on respecting and taking care of the physical spaces we occupy. With the way digital spaces have grown so rapidly, there's a lack of these regulations and etiquites, which is something I'm interested in exploring in this game and with my projects in general. 
I think that by using an actual picture of my room, the player enters the game with the sense that they're walking into my personal space, where they're able to decide how they want to interact with it. 

I wanted the questions on the screen to be similar to the security questions that you might be asked when logging into something when you've forgotten your password. There's a certain inrony (still important though) in a computer assessing your humanity, or your identity. I think this part of the game was more of a personal exploration for me to begin to understand how computers assess our humanity as internet users, and how they are able to allow us access to our own "personal spaces" on the internet by confirming the peices of our identity that we give them. Computer security is an interesting and important topic--especially in the age of AI--because it's always changing, and it seems like a constant battle between people and computers, with both sides involving both people and computers. This was my first exploration of personally understanding how one begins to set up these security and identification structures, and the benefits and downfalls computers assessing humanity. In the case of this game, the benefit is that no one can log into my computer (it's a losing game) and the downfall is that if i miss-type even one thing, or if an answer changes, thus changing the truth, i also can't log into my computer. 

This game is a work in progress. There is potential for a few more scenes, like a different game to play if the user decides they don't want to log in, and a win screen that could appear if i make a way for the person to outsmart the log-in system. I've also been considering chaning the character to look more like a robber/hacker to make the player's role in the game a bit more clear in the first scene. But on the other hand, having the player look like me caters more to the idea of a computer assessing my own identity in my own space. I think the identity of the character is really what deterimines if the player is pushed to consider the computer the good guy or the bad guy. 