for my experimental clock, i made a clock that measures time by the time you spend missing someone. it alters the way i track time because instead of basing time on by the passing of a day, month, year, etc, or measuring time from the date i was born, it measures time based on an interaction. because it measures time this way, the clock can move forward or backword depending on several varriables that go into the measurement of the minutes on the screen. 

the design process took me quite a bit of time because i used a lot of different variables and equations to set everything up. the first part of building this clock was making the two little people on the bottom. the shapes' location and some dimensions are made using systems of equations that are all related to the first person's head center. the second person uses the same system of equations, but the x postion is based off of another varriable that's realted to the time on the clock. the line in the middle follows the same kind of thought process, where the green dot marks the "start" point, or the time when you last saw the person you miss, and red dot marks the total amount of time you've known this person. the blue dot moves with the increase and decrease of time, as does the right-side person.

the length of the line and x location of the right side person are marked by an equation that produces a value for "x". x is a function of "t" which uses the map() function to measure the time since you've seen someone compared to the time you've known them, and "c2" which measures the amount of time you've spent communicating with someone digitally since you've last seen them. the t value increases as time passes, and the c2 value can take the right side person back in time. the line is meant to represent the emotional distance between the two people based on the amount of time they've spent away from each other. the minutes on the screen are produced by taking the amount of time since you've seen the other person, decreased by the amount of time you've sepent communicating with them divided by 3 - to show that digital communication is 3x less powerful than time spent in person. this i made up. the words "time between" grow and shrink depending on the value of t, and the background color of the screen chages from lavender to blue if during the amount of time you've known the person you have spent more time away from them than with them. all the variables have to be adjusted manually. 

my overall reflection of this assignment is that it was really fun. i love thinking about the passage of time, and how past, present, and future all relate to each other. it's really convoluded and mind bending to think about but it opens up a lot of place for possiblities and exploration of anything really in relation to time. i grew up in the same hometown for 18 years of my life and have since then lived in a couple different cities; however, i'm still pretty close with my family and some of my friends that i grew up with. i think about time so differently when i think about different people in my family, or different friends, because we all have different levels of involvement in each other's lives. there are some people i talk to and really really am hit in the face with how much time has passed, and how much our relationship has stayed where it was years ago, which gives a sense of going back in time, and remembering what your life was like then, or going back to patterns of that time. some people i talk to more regularly, so when i see them in person again, it feels like we've moved through time together and the modern version of each other is not at all shocking. i really liked being able to put these ideas in the visual/measurable form of a clock. i think there are alot of other ways to make the clock more accurate in a sense, or to automate it more. 